Support Entity-Deduction-Arena (EDA) Benchmark (#1931)
OpenDevin/OpenDevin: evaluation/EDA/README.md

# EDA Evaluation

This folder contains evaluation harness for evaluating agents on the Entity-deduction-Arena Benchmark, from the paper [Probing the Multi-turn Planning Capabilities of LLMs via 20 Question Games](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.01468), presented in ACL 2024 main conference.

## Configure OpenDevin and your LLM

Create a `config.toml` file if it does not exist at the root of the workspace. Please check [README.md](../../README.md) for how to set this up.

## Start the evaluation
There are two tasks in this evaluation. Specify `--dataset` to test on either `things` or `celebs` task.

> You can remove the `--eval-n-limit 1` argument to evaluate all instances in the validation set. Or change `--data-split` `--data-split` to test other splits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can remove the `--eval-n-limit 1` argument to evaluate all instances in the validation set. Alternatively, you can change `--data-split` to test other splits (see https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/v1.11.0/splits.html for available options).
```

The `--max-iterations` should be set to 20 to be comparable to other LLMs in the [leaderboard](https://github.com/apple/ml-entity-deduction-arena?tab=readme-ov-file#highlights).

```bash

> pip install retry

Reviewer: Nvm let me do it
